Ds 425 field refactor validation (#503)
transferwise/neptune-web: packages/validation/README.md

# Neptune Web Utilities : Validation

> @transferwise/neptune-validation provides validators that are shared between packages.

Reviewer: Think you could add just a touch more here. What do they validate? What is neptune web? (in case I'm reading this on npm).

> # Neptune Web Utilities : Validation
> 
> @transferwise/neptune-validation provides validators that are shared between packages. The package is part of Neptune Web monorepo which provides css and react components to Transferwise website.
> Currently the package includes:
> 
> - rule validators to validate form input fields .
> - type validators to validate javascript primitive types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Neptune Web Utilities: Validation

`@transferwise/neptune-validation` provides common validators. The package is part of [Neptune Web](https://github.com/transferwise/neptune-web) - the Web portion of Neptune, the Design System built by and used at [TransferWise](http://transferwise.com/).

Currently the package includes:
- rule validators to validate form input fields.
- type validators to validate javascript primitive types.
```
